README.md, before:

![Banner](assets/JB_Bru.png)

# 💫 About Me:

Hello there! 👋 I’m Joshua “JB Bru” Bonham, a Software Engineering student at Sunway University (Class of 2026) based in Malaysia. By day, I’m a code slinger—transforming spaghetti problems into al dente, maintainable masterpieces 🍝➡️💻. Whether I’m building an AI‑integrated budget app to tackle zero‑hunger goals or assisting my squad to glory at Hackathons (🏆🥈), I live for that satisfying “It works!” moment.<br><br>When I’m not writing slick functions or refactoring my life choices (hello, 2 am debugging sessions 🐛🔍), I’m Vice President of the Sunway Mauritian Community—organising events, juggling budgets, and orchestrating cross‑culture karaoke nights 🎤🌍. Off‑screen, you’ll catch me behind a camera lens 📸 or making gains at the gym 🏋️‍♂️ (because a strong API needs a strong developer, right?).<br><br>Fluent in English, French, Mauritian Creole, and Afrikaans, I code in many languages—and yes, “Hello World” is still my best icebreaker 😉. Let’s collaborate, innovate, and swap stories!

<!--# 🌐 Socials:

[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/jb_bru/) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshuabonham03)-->

# 💻 Tech Stack:

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue.js-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/sveltekit-%23ff3e00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Acrobat Reader](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Acrobat%20Reader-EC1C24.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Acrobat%20Reader&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Framer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=blue) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/scala-%23DC322F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scala&logoColor=white)

# 🐍 Say hi to Bobbeh Da Snake!

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JBBru-helloworld/JBBru-helloworld/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JBBru-helloworld/JBBru-helloworld/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JBBru-helloworld/JBBru-helloworld/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

# 📊 GitHub Stats:

![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JBBru-helloworld&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=JBBru-helloworld&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JBBru-helloworld&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

# 🏆 GitHub Trophies

![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=JBBru-helloworld&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

---

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=JBBru-helloworld&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

Commit message:

Update README with personal background and skills
Expanded personal introduction and added details about skills and experiences.

README.md, after:

![Banner](assets/JB_Bru.png)

# 💫 About Me:

🌍 From a small island called Mauritius to building software in Malaysia, I’ve always seen technology as a bridge to bigger opportunities. Currently a final-year Software Engineering student, I specialise in full-stack development with a focus on creating interactive, user-friendly applications that solve real problems.

💻 My experience spans:

Frontend: React, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, UI/UX principles, performance optimisation

Backend: Python (FastAPI), Node.js, REST APIs, SQL/NoSQL databases

Other: Agile teamwork, Git, cloud deployment, AI-powered features (OCR, LLM integration)

🚀 Highlights so far:

Built a Budget Tracker app with AI-powered receipt scanning, combining front-end usability with backend scalability.

Placed 2nd at ImagineHack, developing a virtual pet system that uses large language models to provide personalized financial nudges.

Explored Scala and game development, sharpening my problem-solving and systems thinking.

✨ What drives me is building applications people want to use — tools that are both functional and enjoyable. Whether it’s experimenting with AI features, contributing to hackathons, or refining UI for smoother experiences, I’m passionate about turning ideas into working solutions.

📌 Currently seeking internship opportunities in software engineering and product development (Jan–Apr 2026) where I can apply my skills, learn from inspiring teams, and contribute to meaningful projects.

Let’s connect — I’d love to share ideas, learn from others, and explore opportunities at the intersection of software, AI, and user experience.


<!--# 🌐 Socials:

[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/jb_bru/) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshuabonham03)-->

# 💻 Tech Stack:

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white) ![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=for-the-badge&logo=oracle&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue.js-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![NestJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/nestjs-%23E0234E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nestjs&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/sveltekit-%23ff3e00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Adobe](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe-%23FF0000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Acrobat Reader](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Acrobat%20Reader-EC1C24.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Acrobat%20Reader&logoColor=white) ![Adobe After Effects](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20After%20Effects-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20After%20Effects&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Framer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=blue) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/scala-%23DC322F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scala&logoColor=white)

# 🐍 Say hi to Bobbeh Da Snake!

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JBBru-helloworld/JBBru-helloworld/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JBBru-helloworld/JBBru-helloworld/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JBBru-helloworld/JBBru-helloworld/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

# 📊 GitHub Stats:

![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=JBBru-helloworld&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=JBBru-helloworld&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=JBBru-helloworld&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

# 🏆 GitHub Trophies

![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=JBBru-helloworld&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

---

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=JBBru-helloworld&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
